Stephane Bourdeaud: Hey, Gary.
Wade Brown: Hey, you made it, Gary.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I would.
Wade Brown: Hi, Stefan.
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, I have Barney, okay, good.
Gary: Hey there.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Gary: Philip.
Wade Brown: Oh, I'm all color balanced, hold on.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Are you in a classroom, Gary?
Gary: Am I a what?
Stephane Bourdeaud: In a classroom?
Stephane Bourdeaud: This is like a classroom.
Gary: Yeah, this is, trying to help the kids understand geography.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Right.
Gary: Because otherwise, they won't know where France is.
Wade Brown: Okay, hope… well, I'm still a little orange, whatever.
Wade Brown: How was everybody's Memorial Day?
Gary: Fine, we went to Santa Cruz.
Wade Brown: I could have come to, Kubla Khan, right in, South San Francisco, whatever.
Stephane Bourdeaud: When was Memorial Day for you guys?
Wade Brown: Monday.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Monday? Okay. Yeah, we call it, Pont Cote here.
Gary: It's called what?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Not good.
Stephane Bourdeaud: It's a reference to a biblical thing.
Gary: Can you type that into the Discord?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yes?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Hold on.
Stephane Bourdeaud: There you go.
Wade Brown: You guys hear me?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, you know, it's 50 days after Easter.
Gary: Yes, yes.
Gary: Pentecost.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Is that how you say it in French? In English. Yes.
Gary: Yes, yes.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you guys hear me?
Wade Brown: Barely.
Stephane Bourdeaud: players.
Wade Brown: Super quiet.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Gary: to me.
Wade Brown: No, he can't even hear Gag, I saw this.
Stephane Bourdeaud: You'd need headphones to… yeah, you'd need headphones to hear it.
Gary: I can get headphones.
Stephane Bourdeaud: No, but he's probably gonna fix it.
Wade Brown: We're making fun of cuesadas, don't worry.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Hi, Dave.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Never.
Kostadis Roussos: This should work now, let me see if I can fix my video.
Wade Brown: You're a little louder.
Stephane Bourdeaud: It's slightly better, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello? Hello?
Wade Brown: Hello, hello?
Kostadis Roussos: work.
Wade Brown: Rim is better. You're still a little quiet, but that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Seriously.
Stephane Bourdeaud: There's one thing that technology never fails to do, and that's failing us.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you guys see me now?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yep, we have a picture.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Sound is a bit low still, you might want to boost your microphone.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see that, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: My next thing… is to see if I can fix the mic.
Kostadis Roussos: How's the mic, how's the voice now?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Same. Nothing changed.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Nothing changed.
Stephane Bourdeaud: can probably test your device in Zoom as well, you know.
Stephane Bourdeaud: We have a test speaker and microphone, and then you can record yourself and hear what we hear.
Gary: Did you try turning it off?
Stephane Bourdeaud: F…
Kostadis Roussos: I think I got it to work now.
Wade Brown: Hey, there you are.
Stephane Bourdeaud: There you go.
Wade Brown: There's the casados we can hear.
Kostadis Roussos: Technology.
Kostadis Roussos: Eat it.
Kostadis Roussos: Burning passion of a thousand blistering suns.
Wade Brown: Oh, old people always hate what they don't understand.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: True.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to share with folks my latest rage, enraging moment.
Wade Brown: Go on…
Kostadis Roussos: There is a…
Kostadis Roussos: NPM recently fixed a bug where if there was a null in a string when it was being passed as part of environment variables.
Kostadis Roussos: It would no longer ignore that.
Kostadis Roussos: And, as a result, the combination… steam…
Kostadis Roussos: had been for… routinely been doing this with some of its… with some of its things, and Duo was also doing this, and now there's some malformed configuration inside of my system that prevents me from launching visual code.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want you all to know that my rage knows no limits.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sure it was a security fix.
Gary: What are you confining with VS Code and Steam?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
Kostadis Roussos: I wasn't trying to combine it, I just had them both installed on my computer.
Gary: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, I… and thus was my experiment in using anything that in VI and text editors in a Unix shell ended.
Wade Brown: I've never gotten away from VI, but I'm… You know… on the spectrum.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm… I'm absolutely on this
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm so fully… I'm so fully on the spectrum, it doesn't even qualify. But for a brief moment, I thought I would try what the cool kids do.
Wade Brown: No, fuck the cool kids.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's my reaction as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So, where are we, where are we, where are we, where are we?
Wade Brown: I don't quite remember…
Kostadis Roussos: Rule 20.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Now, who's having fun with this huge… orange thing.
David Mendenhall: That's me measuring 30-foot cubes.
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah, we were supposed to… we were gonna be surprised about the, the only…
Kostadis Roussos: No, I know exactly what he's.
David Mendenhall: He knows, because he looked at my character sheet.
Kostadis Roussos: Beautiful.
Wade Brown: I mean, you were literally asking about it, like…
David Mendenhall: Who knows?
Wade Brown: You were, you were reading…
David Mendenhall: Okay, he doesn't know everything, he just thinks he knows everything.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I don't know everything, no.
Wade Brown: Gladys, I didn't see you at Kublacon this weekend. Still to your jams, big old role-playing game converting.
David Mendenhall: VIM? What about VIM, Gary?
Kostadis Roussos: You didn't tell me about it, man.
David Mendenhall: Dining and desserts.
Gary: This is for Wade. So, while we were in Santa Cruz, I…
Wade Brown: Oh, jeez.
Gary: I looked up, and I was like, what?
Gary: Okay, but it was not that thin.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I mean.
Wade Brown: BIM is a… it's a… it's a word, right? Like, it's, like, energy or something.
Gary: It is, but it only means one thing to me.
Wade Brown: Well, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: Robust energy and enthusiasm, yeah.
Wade Brown: It's just, you know, the long-term evolution of Elvis.
David Mendenhall: Whenever you're ready to stop.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I know, I know.
Wade Brown: We can talk about VIM all day, otherwise, you know? You should stop us.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no. Alright.
David Mendenhall: You're gonna make a lot of wisdom saves. That you're ready.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I am. Alright, so I need to make, I think, 16.
David Mendenhall: Okay, here we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so it's true, okay, so…
Wade Brown: Pardon me.
Kostadis Roussos: D2016D20…
David Mendenhall: 2015.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, I know, but like…
Wade Brown: Wisdom saves.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, cool.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I wish the connector worked, but it does not work.
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
David Mendenhall: Just can't get it to work.
Kostadis Roussos: That sucks.
Wade Brown: The connector between, D&D and beyond?
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Yeah, it's still working for me, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on. Roll20 just decided to bar from me.
Kostadis Roussos: It said, your players are about to ruin your carefully crafted, thoughtful encounter.
Wade Brown: No, I think the website said you…
David Mendenhall: As a free action, I will remind all of our allies…
David Mendenhall: That, to not attack the hypnotized characters.
David Mendenhall: As long as they are hypnotized, they will remain hypnotized.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Alright, so, charge…
David Mendenhall: Non…
Stephane Bourdeaud: jumped.
David Mendenhall: Kai's characters first, please.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, guys, I'm having a problem right now.
David Mendenhall: It's not like sleep, they can't wake up. The only thing is that somebody else could wake them.
Kostadis Roussos: If they…
David Mendenhall: During their action to do so.
Wade Brown: They're orcs, they're dumb.
David Mendenhall: Sure.
David Mendenhall: Brace up.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Wade Brown: Sorry.
Gary: Make their arcane attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Guys, I may have a problem here.
David Mendenhall: That's why I'm notifying them.
David Mendenhall: That's why I'm using my… My free action and my persuasive silver tongue.
Wade Brown: What's that? Go elk form and go charge everyone?
David Mendenhall: Only the ones that are not hypnotized.
Kostadis Roussos: This is a problem.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, let me see if I can get on a different browser.
Stephane Bourdeaud: What's going on? You're studying?
Kostadis Roussos: What's going on is that Roll20 has just decided.
Wade Brown: bald.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's what's going on. I'm too old for this shit.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll20, hold on. Roll20 is, not there, it seems to have a bug.
Kostadis Roussos: Or…
David Mendenhall: I haven't have many bugs.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I know, but one of the microservices did not work today.
Kostadis Roussos: They decided to… what is the word I'm looking for?
David Mendenhall: Roll to production.
Kostadis Roussos: So they're probably using generative AI to generate code, to launch new…
David Mendenhall: I mean, everybody does that. Yeah, live coding.
Wade Brown: It's the new norm, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know.
David Mendenhall: 5 chlorinate coating, it's Agentic Engineering.
Wade Brown: 5 coding.
Wade Brown: The best part is, is we're at… basically, like, every day, we're at the worst point it will ever be.
David Mendenhall: That's right!
David Mendenhall: Look at you!
David Mendenhall: We've got management written all over you.
Wade Brown: Oh, except when you put me in a room with other people.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Wade Brown: Somehow it's not an HR violation, it's just the other shit I do.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, you do a lot of scary stuff, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: And you're trying to hire me back? What's wrong with you?
Kostadis Roussos: He, he, he's.
David Mendenhall: Contractor. Contractor's very different.
Wade Brown: That's right, I have no obligation to come in anymore, or, you know, to be renewed, I should say.
Kostadis Roussos: Just so you know that the beautiful element in all of this is that he can, like, you know… Alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: 16B20.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: Hey, there's a 1 in there and a 20 in there…
David Mendenhall: So you made some of them.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I made more than… I made 6, because they had BLESS on them.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 6 of them are not…
David Mendenhall: Okay guys, concentrate all firepower on the 6 that are not hypnotized.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that correct?
David Mendenhall: Or how will we denote them on the…
Kostadis Roussos: I will do it, I will do it.
David Mendenhall: Oh, you've got a plan. You've been planning it all week. Thank you so much.
Wade Brown: I mean, there is a way to set markers on them.
Kostadis Roussos: token.
Stephane Bourdeaud: That's a lot of clicks.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Alright.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Why, why so many NPCs?
David Mendenhall: Off one at a time.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's for…
Stephane Bourdeaud: What's with the giant boar? It looks pissed off.
David Mendenhall: The giant boar is a spellcaster, you want to kill the giant boar.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Wade Brown: It's cross block or whatever, I forget what.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, that's just for the nth, that's… I didn't do for the other guys.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Wade Brown: That guy… Or…
Kostadis Roussos: Those guys are charmed.
Stephane Bourdeaud: And the one…
Wade Brown: It dies.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Inside? Are they…
Kostadis Roussos: actually…
Wade Brown: Those are our friends.
Kostadis Roussos: One of them is not… this guy is non-Charm.
David Mendenhall: Oh, that's okay. I will go… I will retreat.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, this guy has been charmed.
David Mendenhall: You can take…
Wade Brown: Bony and ride them under the sunset.
David Mendenhall: concentration, active.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, how many of these…
Stephane Bourdeaud: What's with the little hearts?
Kostadis Roussos: That's just to mean… charmed.
David Mendenhall: They're charmed! They love us!
Wade Brown: They're hypnotized.
David Mendenhall: They're not gonna do anything. It's happy.
Wade Brown: How does Arc 1 have, like, a…
David Mendenhall: pattern.
Wade Brown: space.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Wade Brown: He's got, like, an emoji face.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Okay, what about, so you said 6? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9… I count 10.
Kostadis Roussos: No, 6 of them were not charmed, so 10 are charmed, so you read it correctly.
David Mendenhall: 10 are charmed. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10… Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And the two of the inner currents. Alright.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: I was hoping for more, but alright. Alright.
Wade Brown: I mean, you got 6 and 10, that's pretty decent. Alright, well, you know what's coming.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Wade Brown: Holding on, holding on, holding on, holding on.
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, you're… you're close enough.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yes, we are correct.
Wade Brown: Correct.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: But the giant boar is not charmed?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
David Mendenhall: He made a saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he did.
Wade Brown: I will point out that there's nothing…
David Mendenhall: I would focus on the giant boar.
Wade Brown: Alright, I think I can get there.
Wade Brown: Oh, I can't charge it. This disc fucker's in the way.
Wade Brown: That's.
David Mendenhall: Okay, you can take him out as you go.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I mean, that's funny.
David Mendenhall: Still aim for him.
Wade Brown: Yeah, how far is this? 80…
David Mendenhall: He's shooting lightning bolts at everybody.
Wade Brown: Him and, yeah. Oh, no. Oh, yeah, well, these guys will too, won't they? These… this one in the back?
Kostadis Roussos: It's one wheel.
Wade Brown: Yeah, sorry.
David Mendenhall: You could also, you could also not shapeshift, and you could, like, try to drop a silence somewhere.
David Mendenhall: Maybe he'll just move out of the silence, but…
Wade Brown: I do not have silence.
Gary: I didn't have a plan for silence.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so you're gonna do silence on your turn, which is next? Okay.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I guess I gotta get in a position, so we're gonna come out here…
Wade Brown: We are going to Moonbeam.
David Mendenhall: Because…
Wade Brown: Why not? Because I can control it while it, you know, downs, so…
David Mendenhall: It's concentration, though, right?
Wade Brown: It's Concentration, but I can recast it well in shapeshift form and everything, so that's fine. So, we are going to…
Kostadis Roussos: It's, yeah.
Wade Brown: This is… I need the token for this. It is… Where the heck are these things hiding? There we go.
Wade Brown: Cracker Cult, Creatures…
Kostadis Roussos: Are you a.
Wade Brown: Tracktop plates, here we go.
Wade Brown: Cylinder…
Kostadis Roussos: Goddammit.
Wade Brown: They could make this easier, 5 foot radius cylinder, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there we go.
Wade Brown: There we go. Go ahead and Moonbeam… I guess, these three? .
Gary: Beautiful.
Wade Brown: Okay, and that is DC15Con save.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, 2 of them make it, so they take 5 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Jeez. Alright, are you tracking all of their health somewhere?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm gonna put it on the, I'm just gonna… Here's.
Wade Brown: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: That's alright. I'm just gonna track it over here.
Wade Brown: And then bonus action will be…
Kostadis Roussos: Sure, last guy takes 5.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: section will be that. -Oh, this is up here. Alright. And then I have…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I'm gonna, hold on, I'm gonna put this, I'm gonna lower it, change there, and now it's sent to back. There we go.
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: way, I don't have to keep moving it.
Wade Brown: And for 60 feet, yeah, I can get, I don't know… Maybe there.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Yeah. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Bony hand.
Wade Brown: Boney! Oh yeah, Boney gets to go.
Wade Brown: Boney can move 60 feet, and…
Gary: No, no, I go before Boney.
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, Valfinis before Boney, you're right.
David Mendenhall: Nay! Save the day.
Gary: My plan is to cast Silence on Boney.
Gary: Or on Booney's saddle, or something like that.
David Mendenhall: Oh, you're gonna spirit Guardians with silence?
Gary: No, I mean, they're both concentration spells, so no, I can't.
David Mendenhall: No, I mean, you're gonna… you're gonna cast on Boney and then move him around to carry silence around the… the area.
Gary: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Like, you would… you would have…
Kostadis Roussos: Just as a side note.
David Mendenhall: Strategy, I like that.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, just so you know, the bull does not cast a spell.
Gary: What's that?
Kostadis Roussos: The bull… the boar does not cast a spell.
Wade Brown: Oh, so we don't need to worry about this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, it's like… it's like a… it's like a lightning bolt from a dragon.
Wade Brown: Oh, it's not a spell, it's like a breath weapon, okay, I see what you're saying.
Kostadis Roussos: you know, just.
Gary: I was thinking he would cover the, the anchorites anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Gary: And I was measuring that he could, you know, loop around the back here and not incur any attacks, because he has, he could double move and move 120.
Kostadis Roussos: Sounds good.
David Mendenhall: on his turn.
David Mendenhall: Which is… oh, up, after you…
Kostadis Roussos: What's this area of effect of it? Just so I can put it down.
Gary: A 20 foot… radius.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there you go. Oh.
Wade Brown: You did it for me.
Wade Brown: Alright, I guess that's your action.
Gary: That's my action, then I assume Boney is game with that plan.
Wade Brown: He's… yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Bonet's like, but I don't attack? I just silence everyone?
David Mendenhall: And he can attack if he wants.
Wade Brown: He can attack.
Gary: Next round, anyway.
Wade Brown: Well, no, he just…
David Mendenhall: He's dashing, he's dashing this morning.
Wade Brown: No, he can run 60 feet, he's a… he's a horse.
Gary: Back here…
David Mendenhall: He's trying to avoid attacks of opportunity.
Gary: And then loop around, Here, and, you know, maybe…
Wade Brown: So he was here… hold on, so he was here…
David Mendenhall: Gotta go out the door.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he has to go call that 30 feet, and then another 30 feet, then…
Wade Brown: I mean, he can try to hit those guys, I guess he can…
David Mendenhall: close to them, yeah. Exactly.
Wade Brown: Alright, that's 60, so we can go another 60, so we can go another 45…
Wade Brown: And that's about there.
Wade Brown: Alright, so that's a dash.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, he definitely has to die.
Wade Brown: To get back there without attacking, yeah, that's a dash.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Now, what's the range? Because they can just run out of the silence here, too.
Wade Brown: Oh, you can see it, it's the 20 foot.
Gary: I can't skim 20 feet.
Wade Brown: You don't see the yellow circle?
David Mendenhall: No, no yellow circle.
Wade Brown: Am I the only one who sees it, actually.
David Mendenhall: That's you.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Gary: How about now?
David Mendenhall: Now I see a yellow dot.
Wade Brown: Now I see purple circle.
Gary: Code.
Gary: But that, that covers…
Stephane Bourdeaud: Eating mushroom weight.
Gary: That covers all the ink rights, so I think that's.
David Mendenhall: Well, until they move, right? They can just move. They're not charmed, or anything. Well, one of them's charmed. Two of them.
Kostadis Roussos: get to them.
David Mendenhall: can move… well, he'll get… he'll get kicked as he moves away, but he can move away.
Wade Brown: You guys really don't see the… the aura effect on Boney, huh?
Wade Brown: It's a bummer.
Wade Brown: I don't know why I can see it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, dumb? I'm just seeing. Is there some kind of, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, hold on. Maybe this will work.
Kostadis Roussos: How about this?
Kostadis Roussos: Does this help?
David Mendenhall: Nope.
Gary: That added green bars.
David Mendenhall: I get a green line and a yellow dot.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, so whoever's running the UI… somebody has a bug in their code, and, like, we're just…
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, like, hit really.
David Mendenhall: Go right on that.
David Mendenhall: Where's the file bug report button?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, do you still got… okay, could you go back to the normal thing?
Wade Brown: Yeah, I'm just… yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I at least can keep track of it, and…
Wade Brown: I can see it, too.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so between the two of us, we can keep everybody up to speed.
Wade Brown: Yeah, basically the 9 and 28 and 2 sort of fill out the circle.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So the orcs. Okay, so this orc wakes up this guy.
Gary: There we go.
Wade Brown: I mean, I just dropped that in, but whatever.
David Mendenhall: Really? They just, they, they, they, they're gonna cancel? That's what they're gonna do?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. He knows?
Wade Brown: Ty, what are they doing?
Kostadis Roussos: is.
David Mendenhall: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: You asked what they were gonna do.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
David Mendenhall: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy's gonna knock this guy, so he's…
David Mendenhall: Okay, yeah, alright, it's almost like they knew it was coming.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
David Mendenhall: F.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Their buddies… their buddies have been.
David Mendenhall: No.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Their buddies have been attacked.
Gary: It was quiet.
David Mendenhall: Fine, I didn't need 3rd level spells anyway.
Gary: It's quiet. How did he notice?
Kostadis Roussos: they… they were charmed. The first thing you do when you're charmed… when your buddy's charmed, is you shake them because you're terrified.
Wade Brown: It's an airplane, you know, moment of everybody in line to slap each other.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, I mean, just like…
Kostadis Roussos: They suddenly became overwhelmed, and one of their leaders shouted out the disruptions.
Kostadis Roussos: So, between the pile of them…
Kostadis Roussos: Thought they can't get everybody, plus you still get free actions on the ones that didn't. So this guy's gonna move over here, and he's gonna knock this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: And this guy…
Gary: Wade, what was that spell you were using again? It's the starlight or something?
Wade Brown: Oh, no.
Wade Brown: Moonbeam?
Kostadis Roussos: This guy, what's he gonna do?
Gary: effect when they end their turn there.
Wade Brown: if they end their turn in it, and also when I move it on top of people.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Disgusting.
Kostadis Roussos: 4 left, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What's this guy… what's this guy gonna do?
Kostadis Roussos: This person.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy over here.
Kostadis Roussos: He's going to run over here, because he doesn't want to be the only guy who doesn't get attacked.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So the ankorite, this Anchorite runs over here, he's like, I'm not setting myself up to be a target. Boney, you get an attack of opportunity.
Wade Brown: Alright, let's go bony, we're just using longsword on this guy, whatever. Where is the attack?
Wade Brown: I think he whiffed.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Wade Brown: Yeah, that's a whiff.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Sky…
Kostadis Roussos: He will…
Kostadis Roussos: Trying to decide, does he attack? He sees the falcon over here, and he sees crazy large elk over there.
Kostadis Roussos: Damn.
Kostadis Roussos: He's gonna… he's going to attack,
Kostadis Roussos: the front. He's going to attack the Falcon, because he thinks Gorthok's going to attack.
Kostadis Roussos: His buddy.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Alright, so the Falcon and…
Kostadis Roussos: Riberi get hit by lightning bolts.
Kostadis Roussos: Make a saving throw. DC12 Dexterity.
Wade Brown: Are you which two?
Kostadis Roussos: Brewberry and the Falcon.
Wade Brown: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Go group.
Wade Brown: where it…
Gary: Hmm, who's rolling for fucking?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I mean, I can…
Stephane Bourdeaud: I rolled, but it didn't display.
Wade Brown: I saw a 22, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that he takes 17 points of damage.
Stephane Bourdeaud: How many?
Kostadis Roussos: 37 divided by 2 is 18 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Weird, I saw your 20 roll in my.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, but it doesn't display in Roll20 for some reason.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I saw it in my D&D Beyond, but not on the Roll20. Weird.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the Gorthok… Okay, so the Gorthok.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, good, it's, it's, magical.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see… Roll D6…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, he does not get his, breath weapons, so he's just gonna go do things the old-fashioned way.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so he attacks with his lightning tusks.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you see that?
Gary: Nope.
Wade Brown: Nope.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm. What?
Wade Brown: Is he standing through it.
Kostadis Roussos: 20 minutes.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Orcs a week. Did I miss something?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they went… instead of attacking, they went and woke up their buddies.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: That's the time.
Wade Brown: 22 to hit, and a 10 to damage, or what?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it was a 22 to hit, so it's, 12 and 12 points of damage.
Wade Brown: 12 and 12, or just 12?
Kostadis Roussos: So it's… 12 slashing… okay, so, hold on. It's, 12 slashing plus 7 lightning.
Kostadis Roussos: And 12 bludgeoning plus 7 thunder. So 24 plus 14.
Kostadis Roussos: 38 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Alright, so that's another, 20, so 31… Zero.
Wade Brown: Anyone, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Go ahead.
Wade Brown: Mark that here…
Kostadis Roussos: The Falcon says.
Wade Brown: I have 5 more, because there were 5 from the Blessed, but whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: The Falcon…
Wade Brown: Thanks.
Kostadis Roussos: Falcon pulls out his sword, turns to Brewberry, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, he says something heroic about, you know, interventionism and fighting for justice, and, you know, no one's taking… no one's taking his farm again.
Kostadis Roussos: And… Where do you want him to attack, guys?
Wade Brown: Growth Ek, whatever, it's a…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's just pick, pick a… pick a target.
Gary: How about this guy to the… in the north? This guy up here?
Kostadis Roussos: Vorthok?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary: setup.
Kostadis Roussos: The Gorthok, the, the big go… the Gorth… I'm sorry, you guys can't see his name.
Gary: The… this anchor right up here.
Kostadis Roussos: the, the, the, the, the Gorthok thing, or the Anchorite?
Kostadis Roussos: For the service.
Gary: This anchorite up here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let's give him a number so we don't refer to him as this anchor egg, we'll call him number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, anchorite number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, this guy number at number 2.
Gary: Using a Bose, or using a sword?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he can use a bow, but he's much more effective… he's more effective with the sword.
Gary: Okay.
Gary: Well, maybe this round he's using a bow, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's one of my thinking is. He can make 3 attacks, 3 melee attacks, or 2 ranged attacks.
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, who did you want him to attack? The anchorite?
Kostadis Roussos: The anchorite here has got… is undercover, this one over here is not, so if you wanted to attack an anchorite, this would be the better one.
Gary: Okay, sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gary: Maybe, shoot him with arrows, but then.
Kostadis Roussos: Charge.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so RD20 plus form, that is a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: And that… does he have a bless?
Gary: Let's see how many creatures my thing applies to.
Gary: Yeah, it doesn't apply to him.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, he took 11 points of damage, and the second attack is a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's saying, come and get it, you… and spews out some colorful language.
David Mendenhall: Well, instead of him taking the 11 points, hang on, let me cast, silvery barbs.
David Mendenhall: He needs to re-roll his D20 and use the lower roll.
Kostadis Roussos: No, who does that?
Kostadis Roussos: the Anchorite… Falcon didn't take any damage. This was only the Anchorite who took 11 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I thought the falcon took damage, excuse me.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, that's just, just a.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I will cancel that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Misunderstood.
Kostadis Roussos: Burberry, we somehow missed your turn.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Well, that's not fair.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, it's like…
Stephane Bourdeaud: Alright, so I'll go into arrange equals, where's Rage? There it is.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Which means… Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Right.
Stephane Bourdeaud: And then, maybe I should go help Sana.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Kind of surrounded. What's my, speed, 45 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: And I'm presuming you're raging, right?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So remember, you have a 20-foot reach.
Stephane Bourdeaud: 45 will be.
Kostadis Roussos: I can assume you were right next to the wall, so…
Stephane Bourdeaud: Okay. Alright, yeah, thank you. That gives me just what I need.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Right, so… That's 45…
Stephane Bourdeaud: No, that's so true.
Kostadis Roussos: Therefore.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Oh, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: You have a penalty.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Better.
Kostadis Roussos: You have now raged.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yes, that's much better.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Actually… I think I can… There we go.
Stephane Bourdeaud: And, let's attack this bucker. So, I'll do the elemental… Cleaver.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Confused.
Kostadis Roussos: Confused me to no end, I didn't realize you had such an ability.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Acid damage…
Stephane Bourdeaud: And I'll attack with the halberd.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: He's got an armor cla- he's got a very low armor class.
Stephane Bourdeaud: So why is that not displaying in row 20 again?
Kostadis Roussos: Because Rule 20 sucks.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And because, you know, someone… some GM hasn't really figured out how to use the foundry, which everybody… all the cool kids are using now.
Stephane Bourdeaud: So, I…
Kostadis Roussos: Dinosaur.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I rolled 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's a hit.
Stephane Bourdeaud: And that's it. So, slashing damage 8, so it's actually acid damage now, 8, plus rage damage 2…
Stephane Bourdeaud: And don't I have bonuses with, like, hue and stuff?
Kostadis Roussos: If you're raging, you have a plus 2 damage from… you have a rage bonus.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, so it said it was 2, so that's 10 damage. I thought I had additional… oh, yeah, with the…
Stephane Bourdeaud: I have 1D6 extra damage with the elemental clear, so let me roll that. That was 10 plus 6, so that's 16 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: So, 16 total?
Stephane Bourdeaud: While raging, when you make a success… no, that's range attack, you know? Looking at all the damages that I've got.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yes, 16 total, I think. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that your first attack, or both attacks?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Was my first attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Now, let's do the second attack, I'll do the exact same, I suppose. Where do I see how many hit points he has left?
Kostadis Roussos: Use 57. You should have 57.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: They're updated.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Right, okay, so let me attack again.
Stephane Bourdeaud: So roll again.
Stephane Bourdeaud: That's horrible.
Stephane Bourdeaud: 11? Does that hit?
Kostadis Roussos: No, that's a miss.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But you do have your bardic inspiration if you wish to use it.
Stephane Bourdeaud: And my wife.
Stephane Bourdeaud: But… That's, a Baldique inspiration, that's a 1D6, right?
Kostadis Roussos: But before you do that, you should roll your blood.
David Mendenhall: D4, Bardic is D8.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll the blessed, because you always get to do that. You don't… it doesn't expunge, whereas the Bardic Inspiration…
Kostadis Roussos: It's a one-time thing.
Wade Brown: No, I thought the Bardock Expiration now runs…
Wade Brown: Until you actually succeed with it, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Only if it fails. But yeah, roll the D4 first.
Stephane Bourdeaud: So, default, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, if you use a Bardic inspiration, you hit.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Stephane Bourdeaud: So, the default… default was what?
Kostadis Roussos: Welcome.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that was a plus, so that gets you up to 14.
Kostadis Roussos: You need a 15 to hit.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so use the inspiration, yeah.
Stephane Bourdeaud: That's a 1D8.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but you don't have to roll it.
David Mendenhall: You go to L.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Hell yeah.
David Mendenhall: Guaranteed one.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Stephane Bourdeaud: So what was the damage? How can I see the history on the, the extension thingy?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Of what I rolled, because I don't remember what the damage was.
Kostadis Roussos: Rolled.
David Mendenhall: Just roll it again, just roll it again, and then click the button.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Right.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Damage, 1D8 plus 5, I need to…
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay, hard way.
Stephane Bourdeaud: So that's 8… Plus the, the rage damage is there, okay.
Stephane Bourdeaud: 2… 8, and 1D6… So, 8 plus 1d6…
David Mendenhall: It's showing up in my,
David Mendenhall: D&D Beyond game log, it's just not showing up in Rule 20.
Wade Brown: Yes, I'm seeing that too.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, exactly. 9, so 9… 9 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 9 puts it down? 9? Okay.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, yeah, I've… I mean, my rules are horrible.
David Mendenhall: happens.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Prutha the Orc.
Kostadis Roussos: Frutha the Orc, does he charge… do you… Balfina, do you encourage him to charge into combat?
David Mendenhall: Does he need to be encouraged?
Kostadis Roussos: I've just asked… what I'm really trying to say is, does Valfina do anything to discour- discourage him?
Gary: Hmm… no.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just more checking.
Kostadis Roussos: It runs out.
Kostadis Roussos: Is there anywhere you want to send them in particular?
Gary: I don't know, I mean, does he want to.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, because he's an orc, he can actually cover this distance.
Kostadis Roussos: In one round.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, he engages with this orc.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, now, the other works. Okay, so the other works, 1, 2, 3, let's do, 3D20. They fire their javelins.
Wade Brown: Hmm.
Wade Brown: Where at?
Kostadis Roussos: That's what I'm trying to figure out.
Kostadis Roussos: What's the Javelin range? 30 feet. Okay, so it's a disadvantage.
Kostadis Roussos: They will… they will fire it at the big guy over here, if that is okay with the rest of you, because they've just seen him launch a lightning bolt, and they are freaked out.
Kostadis Roussos: Unfortunately, they missed all 3 times. No, wait, hold on. The other guy might have not have missed.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he hit, so they do actually… one of the javelins hits this guy over here.
Kostadis Roussos: So he takes,
Kostadis Roussos: 6 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Lots of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Great, the expense it down, direct.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, for all the other orcs who are going to engage, we will…
Kostadis Roussos: assert that every orc they're engaged, they're engaged with that orc, and you guys don't have to deal with that orc, alright?
Wade Brown: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So we can just move combat forward faster.
Kostadis Roussos: And both sides will take damage, and…
Kostadis Roussos: I will roll… we will figure out some randomness to figure this out. Alright, so the orcs… charge… Charge.
Wade Brown: Rawr!
David Mendenhall: Don't fight the charmed ones.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: that many left.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: There are some.
Wade Brown: There should be 4 left?
Wade Brown: Cuz… You charm 10, there are 6 awake.
Kostadis Roussos: There should have used something other than red.
Wade Brown: The red looks bad, especially with the, arm dots.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there is a chaotic battlefield over here.
Wade Brown: Bad GM, no donuts.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, there's a chaotic battlefield over here.
Kostadis Roussos: So, wherever the orcs are engaged in melee, you can ignore them or get engaged, but they're gonna focus on the orcs.
David Mendenhall: Hmm, interesting. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Wade Brown: So it's as good as Charmed.
Kostadis Roussos: So they're… so basically what's going on is the orcs hate each other, and it turns out that they're suddenly… Prutha's going.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, what does he say? Prutha notices that one of the orcs that he's fighting happens to be, you know, a member of the tribe, and says, I'm going to gut you like the pig that you are, and orcish…
David Mendenhall: Alfina, you'll have to translate for us.
Gary: They're greeting each other in traditional orchest form.
David Mendenhall: pleasant for swinging swords at each other, but okay, okay, makes sense, I guess.
David Mendenhall: I don't know, I'm naive.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I'm just… I'm just in case you're wondering. Alright, so the orcs are now engaged in mass melee combat, and I will just deduct 5 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: I will roll the dice and decide how many points. Alright, okay. So, Vukradin, you're up.
David Mendenhall: It's time to cast a spell, Vukroden. Which one will it be?
Wade Brown: Time I'm again!
David Mendenhall: I still have… I still have concentration on.
Wade Brown: Oh, right, otherwise those are the ones that's four weeks.
David Mendenhall: So…
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll make your guys.
David Mendenhall: This color. Oh, we gotta do this.
David Mendenhall: Okay, here we go, here it comes.
David Mendenhall: Command Grovel on Gorthok.
David Mendenhall: DC15 Wisdom Save.
Kostadis Roussos: Gravel, that's a good one. That is a very good one, because, like… If…
David Mendenhall: I succeed.
David Mendenhall: Asshole.
Wade Brown: Can't you, silvery barbs that shit or something, or…
David Mendenhall: Let me see, actually, yeah, there's… do we have Lucky?
Kostadis Roussos: No, hold on.
David Mendenhall: Who has Lucky?
Wade Brown: Well, you'd have to have it.
David Mendenhall: I don't have Lucky.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: That was a good idea.
Kostadis Roussos: That was a very good idea.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: This combat's not going so well. Alright, whatever. I'm done.
Gary: Have a fucking time.
David Mendenhall: 10 minutes.
Wade Brown: Alright, drag the moonbeam over…
Kostadis Roussos: Just to be… just to remind you, the anthrochrites… anchorites are shape-changers, so that is… causes more damage to them, just remember.
Wade Brown: Right.
Wade Brown: This guy…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I just…
Wade Brown: Well, it's only if they're not in… it forces them to drop their shape, right?
Kostadis Roussos: But doesn't it cause more damage?
Wade Brown: No, it's just, it forces them to drop their shape.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So in that case, no, never mind.
Wade Brown: Yeah, let me just double-check the… It is…
Wade Brown: Yeah, if the creature is shapeshifted, it reverts to its original form and can't shapeshift until it leaves, yeah.
Wade Brown: Yeah, anyway, right, so we're just gonna move it over here, and hit, I guess,
Wade Brown: Grothac and number 2?
Wade Brown: Okay.
Wade Brown: Let's see… where is…
Kostadis Roussos: Blew his saving throw, Garthuk boost, both of them blew their saving throws, and he takes 7 points of damage each.
Wade Brown: Take 7, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, somebody can… somebody track Garthuk's damage?
Wade Brown: Yeah, he goes down to 50…
Gary: So it doesn't impact any of the ones that are in between?
Wade Brown: No, it's where it ends.
Wade Brown: It's not that good. It's… heh.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not that good.
Wade Brown: No, it's something I can keep in concentration while in shapeshift form. It's at our flaming sphere. Anyway, and then I guess we just, hoof this guy. I don't think my hooves are very good without, RAM, which is a shame.
Wade Brown: I'm kinda stuck here, so… Yep.
Wade Brown: Get hooved, baby. This is on Gorthak.
Wade Brown: 20 damage on Gorthuk?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wow, that is… that is very good.
Wade Brown: It's not, yeah, it's not double bearish strike, though, so he went down,
Wade Brown: I got rid of 30 already, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Valfina, you're up.
Gary: Okay.
Gary: This guy up here?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary: I'm going to cast a… Blindness, deafness on him?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: What does that spell do?
Gary: film… One good, I think?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, he's blind… is he blind and deaf, or just blind?
Gary: I put it in row 20, I think.
Gary: Okay. Hold on.
Wade Brown: Only my roll 20 is working correctly.
Gary: Go on.
Gary: So, one creature you can see within range must make a constitution saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary: Wanted or deafened, my choice.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you want blind or deaf?
Gary: blind.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what I thought. Okay, he's blind.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary: You can repeat the save,
Gary: On the end of each of its turns.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Boney, he's blind. Alright, Boney, you're up.
Wade Brown: Yep, we're gonna come over here, let's see…
Wade Brown: I'll move the circle as well, since, you know, not everyone can see that shit.
Wade Brown: Alright, and he's going to hit, the anchor right over here.
Wade Brown: Where's my bony extra?
Kostadis Roussos: The Anchorite, by the way, does cast spells, so…
Wade Brown: Well, no, he doesn't, not when he's silenced.
Kostadis Roussos: No, saying that the silence… the silence is, in fact, effective.
Wade Brown: Got another miss, I don't know what the anchor right is. 15? Should be a hit.
Wade Brown: That's anchorite number 2?
Wade Brown: There's not an Agorai 2 on this sheet.
Wade Brown: Anyway, that's 17 on the anchor right over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, 17, okay, I'll just keep track… I keep track of these so that we can… let me just make sure you…
Wade Brown: And the Science Cloud has moved in just a little bit.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you guys should be able to see a zip points.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: We don't see the number, but we see a percentage, it's good enough.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so we'll do it this way. RD20, we'll have all the Orc Telosians attack against their hated enemies.
Kostadis Roussos: We don't do it for… that would be a massively critical damage.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let's do 5D20. Let's do it that way.
Kostadis Roussos: Otherwise, one diet is too swingy.
Kostadis Roussos: So… The bad guys… the good guys take 7 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Gary: The… both, cadres of orcs have 15 endpoints?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, hold on, this guy… actually, it was 9 points.
Kostadis Roussos: Hi there, Eric.
Kostadis Roussos: Two attacks, alright, these guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. And we're done.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: This anchorite is blind and outraged.
Wade Brown: on all Helen Keller.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know. What is he gonna do? What does he do? He can't cast a spell, because he can't see, but he can point a spell.
Kostadis Roussos: But he doesn't know what he's gonna hit. The other orc is telling him, you know, dude, you wanna aim over there?
Gary: I feel the power of Lathanders.
Wade Brown: Did he just take your sacrament?
Gary: He did.
Kostadis Roussos: You know what?
Kostadis Roussos: You see what he does.
Gary: panic. Leave for… Our pattern.
Kostadis Roussos: He's, he's.
Wade Brown: So I'll mow.
Kostadis Roussos: He is panicked right now.
Kostadis Roussos: He doesn't do anything. Alright, he's actually literally panicked. Alright.
Gary: Okay, he can take a… con save, though.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you can't take it to console.
Kostadis Roussos: What's the saving throw in DC?
Gary: 15?
Kostadis Roussos: He makes it, he is no longer blind.
Kostadis Roussos: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, Gorthok.
Kostadis Roussos: We'll attempt to… we'll attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see what Korthak does, okay. Does not use his lightning bolts.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the first attack hits you for 12 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Well, I'm not long for this world.
Kostadis Roussos: Great. And another 7 from, lightning damage, unless you've got some kind of immunity.
Wade Brown: I do not. So that takes me down to 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: Where is Soma 17, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Orga also will now enter the combat. Alright. Alright. So… Blueberry, you're up.
Wade Brown: Hold on, Gorthok ended his turn inside of the, Moonbeam.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he's not very smart, so he takes…
Kostadis Roussos: No damage, because he makes a saving throw.
Wade Brown: He takes half damage, doesn't he?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he does, he does, he does. Remember how much does it take?
Wade Brown: Well, let me roll it, alright, there you are.
Wade Brown: 14.
Wade Brown: Well, 7, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary: And did the orc also… And just turn there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he did.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he'll… you can use the same roll if you want, or I can roll again.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, we can use the same rollers.
Wade Brown: Yeah, just put another 7 or 14, depending on his saving throw status.
Kostadis Roussos: He makes a saving throw.
Wade Brown: Yeah, so another 7 on number 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, it's number two. Oh, he's down to one hit point.
Wade Brown: Aw, fiddlesticks.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright. Blueberry, you're up.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Bam. Oh.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Goddammit.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I just rolled a 1. Seriously?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you're moving closer?
Stephane Bourdeaud: It's like that.
Stephane Bourdeaud: So that's 9, I have the Bliss, I suppose. I need, what, a 15?
Wade Brown: Well, one always misses, doesn't it? No matter how many pluses you get.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: on the D20 cannot be raised.
Stephane Bourdeaud: First attack missed, you know.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Damn.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I don't think… 4. Seriously.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Okay, so that's 12, so I guess I do need the plus thing.
Kostadis Roussos: You missed all your…
Stephane Bourdeaud: I missed both my attacks.
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry, that is not very impressive.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, who do you want the Falcon to attack?
David Mendenhall: I can't… by the way, I can't see anybody's rules for anything.
Wade Brown: Not even mine.
David Mendenhall: happening, I have no clue.
Gary: I can't see the rules either.
Kostadis Roussos: The only way I think you can see the rolls is if you go into Roll20, into D&D Beyond.
Kostadis Roussos: And you go into the campaign, and you should see them there. People are rolling them in their…
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: my campaigns…
David Mendenhall: Did he add the blesss?
Wade Brown: He rolled ones.
Kostadis Roussos: He rolled beyond bad.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, nothing but ones.
Kostadis Roussos: Not quite, nothing but net.
David Mendenhall: I still don't see it, but whatever, I'm sure you're right.
David Mendenhall: It's okay, I…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, if you go to the game log, you will see the plus one.
David Mendenhall: game log, I don't see these roles that you're talking about, but whatever.
Wade Brown: Oh, really?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Yeah.
Gary: I can't see the rules either, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
Wade Brown: I see him.
David Mendenhall: Just keep going. Yeah. It's taking a long time.
David Mendenhall: Falcon.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently, I decided just now to…
David Mendenhall: Falcon should attack Gorthock.
Kostadis Roussos: Attack Gorthok? Yep.
Gary: Yeah, I think so too.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary: With two arrows, so, you know, it might be enough.
Gary: Fingers crossed.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see, maybe he can actually make it there.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you make it there?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you can make it there.
Kostadis Roussos: Attack with the sword.
Gary: Then he gets 3 attacks with his sword.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he gets 3 attacks with a sword.
Gary: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He gets, 2 long-sorted attacks, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, it gets 3 attacks with his sword. Longsword.
Kostadis Roussos: So that is a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: No, that is a… miss. Okay, the first attack's a miss, second attack's a miss, third attack's a hit, and he does 6 points of damage, which is not delightful, but at least it's better than nothing.
Gary: Hello?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: It was bad rules.
Gary: Should let Blueberry roll for him.
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry rolled just as poorly.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Pruth of the Orc.
Kostadis Roussos: Attacks this guy over here.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I guess it's just not my day today.
Kostadis Roussos: And he kills this guy. And he screams, Die, you scum of scums!
Gary: Another traditional orc greeting.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, he says something, and then he charges straight at the anchorite, screaming, something like, for uncle, for my uncle, and the sun god, and Lathander, and then he starts saying things about Lathander burring all of you under his fiery bright light.
Gary: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You've definitely acquired a convert. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: 4 hits. So, these two guys kill this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: And these two guys… This guy's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Very nice rules. Your allies have done very well.
Gary: Better than us, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, your allies have done extremely well.
Kostadis Roussos: They heard your admonition and are not attacking the guy with the charm dude.
Kostadis Roussos: And they're attacking the anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: So this guy attacks me as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Misses. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay? And then, poor guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Your charger sheet.
Kostadis Roussos: She's an art war chief.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's go over here… And then she uses her War Cry, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody within 30 feet gets… so that would be the Falcon, Soma, and Brewberry, you get advantage on attacks for your next round.
Wade Brown: Hells yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, take that.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I'll definitely need that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, after those dice rolls, you guys will definitely need that. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I forgot to do the other anchorites. So this anchorite moves, tries to move out of the way of Boney. Boney, you get an attack of opportunity.
Wade Brown: Let's go!
Wade Brown: Right, he's buried, like, 7 clicks deep, alright.
Wade Brown: That looks like a hit, and it's 22 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I'm sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Minus 3. Alright. 20 is down to 19 points of damage, if you can see that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And he doesn't have a clear shot on any enemies, but he does have a clear shot on Boney.
Wade Brown: Not pony.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll roll the saving throw.
Wade Brown: What kind?
Kostadis Roussos: Dexterity DC12.
Wade Brown: Looks like a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you take 25 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Tony, no!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Vukradin, you're up.
David Mendenhall: Okay, I guess I'll do a second level command grovel.
David Mendenhall: on the Anchorite and Gorthok.
Kostadis Roussos: Correct, Gorthox.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you care which one? Or any one?
David Mendenhall: It's second level, so it's on both.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I don't know, but you care which anchor, right?
David Mendenhall: Oh, there's more than one? The one that's… Well, let me see…
Kostadis Roussos: So the only one that hasn't cast Lightning Bolt is this one here, but he's currently an Asylum spell, so this is the only guy that you could stop from a Lightning Bolt.
Wade Brown: He's heavily engaged with other organs.
David Mendenhall: He's definitely engaged, he's not running away, is he?
Kostadis Roussos: No. And this guy's currently being engaged by Prutha, but Prutha's only got 15 hit points, so he's probably gonna be not long for this world.
David Mendenhall: I…
Kostadis Roussos: So this one over here.
David Mendenhall: The one by Prutha, we gotta save Prutha.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, the Gorthok failed its saving throne.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what does Grovel do?
David Mendenhall: Prone, and you lose all actions and reactions for this round.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's prone.
David Mendenhall: Yep. I mean, I've already had advantage, but… double advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Probably?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
David Mendenhall: What about… what about the Incorite?
Kostadis Roussos: They both blew it.
Kostadis Roussos: So I marked them both… I marked… they marked them both as prone.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, Soma, you're up.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he's prone, and .
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, hold on, let's do the… let's do the damage from the…
Wade Brown: Moonbeam?
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, does it… is it at the end of your turn, or their turn?
Wade Brown: Well, when I move it into them, it hits, and when they end their turn, it hits as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so fine, so… alright.
Wade Brown: I mean, I can move it… here, there, I move it.
Wade Brown: So let's hit that spell, where are you, Moonbean? There you are.
Wade Brown: Perfect.
Kostadis Roussos: The orc's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: And Gorthok is… what do I have to… what is it?
Wade Brown: 15, con?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Gorthox Constitution, but now I have to check the prone condition.
Gary: I don't think…
Wade Brown: affects this.
Gary: 29 damage.
Wade Brown: It's a third level Moonbeam, yeah.
Wade Brown: 3D10, I rolled two 10s and a 9.
David Mendenhall: Nice.
Wade Brown: I saw the die come out that way.
Kostadis Roussos: It's like, just…
Wade Brown: Zeros? No, those are 10s.
Kostadis Roussos: An attack roll against a creature… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the creature has disadvantage on attack rolls.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but he's groveling. Alright, so he takes,
Kostadis Roussos: Takes half damage. That's 14 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: This goes down to 3.
Wade Brown: Yeah, well, he's getting hooved.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I mean, there's no way he survives this unless I roll double ones, so let's see if I roll double 1s!
Kostadis Roussos: Roll and attack.
Wade Brown: I'm doin' it, I'm doin' it.
Wade Brown: Alright, at least one of those isn't a 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the first attack knocks him down dead, but he has a Revivify ability, so he's back up to 1 hit point.
Wade Brown: That buster. That's why you wanted me to do the Moonbeam first.
David Mendenhall: Word.
Wade Brown: Alright, well, Blueberry, you got this.
Kostadis Roussos: Hopefully.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Luke?
Kostadis Roussos: You bet.
Kostadis Roussos: But…
Stephane Bourdeaud: But I have advantage now, don't I?
David Mendenhall: You have advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, but it's not your turn. Bony Euro.
Wade Brown: Ugh, my Boney's going to move just to keep the piece, you know, figuratively.
David Mendenhall: What about Valpina? Didn't Valfina get a turn?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, right, right, sorry, no bell.
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, Valfinha, you can go turn. Your turn, Belfina, sorry.
Wade Brown: I mean, we're parallel in an initiative, we could do whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Excellent.
Gary: How are we doing on hit points on the ink rights?
Kostadis Roussos: So, the anchorites actually haven't taken a lot of damage, other than number 2, who's down to 19 hit points.
Wade Brown: I remember one thing they've taken is their casts of Lightning Bolt, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary: She said number 2.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Why hasn't it used that yet?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, they did, they did.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, but not much, no?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, well, so they only get one lightning bolt.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And the other guy got trapped behind the orcs in the silence bell so he can't cast it, and the third guy was invisi- the third guy was invisible and couldn't see a target.
Gary: We're going to… Send the radiance of, of Lathender at… The most injured one.
Gary: Alright. In the form of a guiding bolt.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's down to 2 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Boney, you're up.
Wade Brown: Yep, alright, so, yeah, I already moved Boney.
Kostadis Roussos: You can attack.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he's gonna attack number 1 there, and… extra bone knee…
Wade Brown: Longsword. Fuzzy dice… Oh, he whiffs.
Kostadis Roussos: He whiffs.
Wade Brown: I assume a 10 is a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so a 10 does miss.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that's alright. He still moves the silence, and, you know…
Wade Brown: Oh, actually, he steps… he doesn't want to grab Silma, Soma's concentrating, that would be a shame, he's there.
Gary: Tony have the, work right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it is not.
Kostadis Roussos: I was only 30 feet, so it only affected,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so what do these guys do? Alright, so…
Wade Brown: In fact, Soma, but not bony.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. They're down to 50% of their members, but their bosses are still alive, so they will keep fighting. But this guy will use his action to wake up his friend rather than attacking, because the numbers aren't looking good, so that's what he does.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy will do the same.
Kostadis Roussos: Because the numbers aren't looking good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright… This guy will do the same, because again, the numbers aren't looking good.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy over here will attack Boney, because Boney's right there.
Wade Brown: Not phony!
Kostadis Roussos: And Mrs.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy will attack the, the orc that's right next to him, because, you know, when you've got and misses, then this guy will ignore Soma, because, frankly, if you can attack a big elk or attack an orc, you always attack the orc.
Kostadis Roussos: Especially if you're in work.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he will attack the orc.
Kostadis Roussos: And it also misses. Alright, so the anchorite. Okay, the anchorite's really annoyed right now.
Kostadis Roussos: It's like, I can't seem… I can't seem to get any…
Kostadis Roussos: Love is what he thinks to himself. Nobody loves me, man.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Welcome to my world.
Wade Brown: Aww.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And he really doesn't have any…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, stops there, that's all you can do. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And… the other anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: Steps over here… And uses… A thunder wave.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not just underway work.
Gary: By the way, Thunderwave doesn't work within the silence.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, this one over here, orc number 1, so he unprones himself.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know. The other orc can't use… can't use any of his spells, so we're good, right?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Let's try, Gary.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he was… he is making sure I know, he's making… he's doing the right thing, he's making sure I don't get everything wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: I appreciate that.
Kostadis Roussos: Underwave.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that… Right now.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Meanwhile, Silda is having a nap in his luxury guest room, I see.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Yes.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Is that getting awakened by all the thunder, and…
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's not…
Stephane Bourdeaud: Where's…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, he's not there, he should have been somewhere else.
Kostadis Roussos: That was just, Okay, Thunderwave 2D8 worth of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: To everyone involved.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, 8 points of damage, so these two guys are dead.
Kostadis Roussos: And put those down to 7 points of damage. Oh, no, actually, I have to make 7 throw.
Kostadis Roussos: 30, 20… They blew it. Alright, and he's down to 7 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: And he goes… Flying over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Gorthok.
Kostadis Roussos: Gorthok rages one more time, does he get his lightning bolt?
Kostadis Roussos: He does not get his lightning bolt.
Kostadis Roussos: So, D22DFA, D20.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a miss. Gorthok, your last chance to, like, you know, make an impact in this combat, and that's what you do?
Kostadis Roussos: We're gonna have a long.
Wade Brown: We might all miss, you don't know that. We might all miss, you don't know that.
Gary: Warthawk ended his turn.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he hasn't ended his turn yet.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he did his first attack, 16.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. And that is.
Wade Brown: Who's that on?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm trying to decide. The D20…
Kostadis Roussos: Is it the little guy in front of him, or is it the guy next to him?
Kostadis Roussos: 2d… D2. One is Soma, two is, the Hafalken.
Kostadis Roussos: One, Soma, you take, 19 points of damage.
Wade Brown: That's lethal.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you knocked out?
Wade Brown: Knocked out. That's fine.
Wade Brown: Alright… And so I revert…
Kostadis Roussos: A little turtle.
Wade Brown: Well, you know, a hollow shell of my former.
David Mendenhall: No, no more Moonbeam.
Wade Brown: Yep, Moonbeam goes away…
Kostadis Roussos: But he does.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh no, he doesn't die, because the moonbeam goes away before the end of his turn.
Wade Brown: Yeah, yeah, he knocked out the Moonbeam, so…
Gary: Oh, that's so close.
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry, your turn.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Take a turn, he was halted.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he can get up. Oh, can he take a turn?
David Mendenhall: No, he was halted.
Wade Brown: He was to post for Biblify?
David Mendenhall: was the anchor right next to Prutha?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I'm sorry, Thai.
David Mendenhall: That's prone.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I'm sorry, that was my mistake, that was my mistake.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry. Alright. Sorry, Dave, this is… this is my mistake.
Kostadis Roussos: There we go. Alright. So I'm gonna go back to being an elk.
Wade Brown: Oh, alright, I was at, like, 16 hit points, I think.
Kostadis Roussos: 17, 17. I was like, 17.
Wade Brown: You know, girl.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: I don't know. Alright. 17…
Stephane Bourdeaud: book, be gone.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, in that case, he dies.
Wade Brown: He died to the moon being, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Moonbeam.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Right, because you can do less than 3 damage, and then half of that is one and a half, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yep, alright. So that brings us to Brewberry.
Stephane Bourdeaud: So I can move over here, and I can attack, those guys, like… 8?
Kostadis Roussos: With your hand axe, you can attack any one of these targets, by the way.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Not with your handex, with your halberd, because…
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Your hall bird has a 20-foot reach when you are a giant.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Right.
Stephane Bourdeaud: And I have advantage, you said.
Kostadis Roussos: Leave.
Gary: Cheer.
Stephane Bourdeaud: And cleave, yes. So, 22 damage, 15…
Stephane Bourdeaud: So I rolled a 22, damage is 15 plus 1d6, so let me roll 1d6…
Stephane Bourdeaud: And what again? So, 16 damage on ult number 8.
Kostadis Roussos: That's okay, he only had 15 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: You can cleave to orcs.
Stephane Bourdeaud: attack, yeah, so I cleave, Cleave, yes, Halperd, blah, blah, blah… Is it still with advantage, or…
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's not what it was.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yes. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, no, no, it's still with advantage, because only when Vorga's turn guts does it end.
Stephane Bourdeaud: It doesn't matter, I rolled 23, damage 14 plus 1d6… Okay…
Gary: And then hit the integrate button, too.
Stephane Bourdeaud: And, hit what, the anchorite? Yes, absolutely.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stephane Bourdeaud: With Advantage, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I got for that, so that's 21, 13 damage, plus 1d6…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he only had 3… 2 hit points, he's dead.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Oh, okay.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Well, I rolled it just out of principle, just not.
Kostadis Roussos: General time.
Kostadis Roussos: Falcon the Hunter, looks around and says, who do you want me to kill?
Gary: The anchorite and the silence.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stephane Bourdeaud: All the baddies.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, he's like… he screams, he shouts.
Kostadis Roussos: You see him fidget his brass rings at his, he fringes… he touches his brass ring and then mutters something to his long-lost love, and charges straight at the anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: For those of you who don't remember. And friggin' misses every single time.
Kostadis Roussos: But he has advantage on those attacks, because of the…
Gary: Oh, that's right.
Kostadis Roussos: And this time, hits all 3 times.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: This is like, you know, the defining moment of the Falcon, right? 18 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Who is… Next.
Kostadis Roussos: Prutha.
Kostadis Roussos: Bruta, what does she do? She's a tough hombre.
David Mendenhall: That has advantage against the anchorite, because the anchorite is prone, unless it's stood up.
Kostadis Roussos: It stood up, it stood up.
David Mendenhall: Okay, it's… no, but it can't take any actions or reactions.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so then it's prone, sorry.
David Mendenhall: I think it's still prone.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, prone. Right, okay, prone. It's not a normal prone, it's… you're in that condition, right?
David Mendenhall: you're groveling.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so it's not a normal problem.
David Mendenhall: He's very… he's very deferential to Prusa.
Wade Brown: Hmm.
David Mendenhall: Ruth is, like, in the… the bowing.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. Let's see. Okay, so you can't… you won't be able to get there in time, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, this is movement rate. It is… 30 feet, alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: He, Prutha, sorry, the, the orc chief.
Kostadis Roussos: The acting orc chief will get over here, just in range enough to be able to attack with her spear.
Kostadis Roussos: So, she attacks twice.
Kostadis Roussos: Both times hit for 26 points of damage.
Gary: Pretty effective.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next?
Kostadis Roussos: Your orcs. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, your orcs now are sensing the battle has turned.
Kostadis Roussos: So, they attack…
Kostadis Roussos: What is this, summer class? Let me just make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so both of these guys hit, and they kill this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: These two guys gang up on this guy over here.
Kostadis Roussos: And this… These two guys attack the anchorite, because he's right in front of them.
Kostadis Roussos: And they do… 9 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, 18 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy's down to 3, 2… This guy…
Kostadis Roussos: Charges at this anchorite as well.
Kostadis Roussos: And kills him.
Kostadis Roussos: And says something in orcish about, you know, the gods and the sun.
Gary: That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Vukriddin, you're up.
Wade Brown: Starry Wisp time!
David Mendenhall: Let's look at the battlefield, hang on…
Kostadis Roussos: You're, you're… you do have an.
David Mendenhall: Beautiful.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to roll an intuition? Do you want to roll your… Arcana, or…
David Mendenhall: Nope, nope.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you are just… you are going to ignore it, you are going to ignore everything you may have learned in battle and make a decision.
David Mendenhall: Gonna attack the anchorites.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there's only one left.
David Mendenhall: There's only one left, and he's got how many hit points?
Kostadis Roussos: 32.
David Mendenhall: Oh, that's a lot of hit points.
David Mendenhall: Does it matter? I can probably drop the hypnotic.
David Mendenhall: Thing now, that doesn't matter anymore, right?
Wade Brown: There's, like, one dude next to Boney, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Am I dropping it or not?
David Mendenhall: thinking about it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, let's do, Phantasmal Force on, the remaining anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: He blew his saving throw.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: And, his vision… Very important.
David Mendenhall: Vision will be the god of Luthor.
Wade Brown: Of course.
David Mendenhall: Breaking him down.
Gary: Perfect.
David Mendenhall: And he will take 2d8 damage, which I will roll.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, hold on, just to be clear, if it's a God of Lothander, then you won't attack them, so… but…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so what is it?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just…
David Mendenhall: It's a phantasm, it's not actually the god. It looks like the god, swinging him, doing psychic damage.
David Mendenhall: Did 7 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: and also has occupied him, you know, he can think of nothing else except Bean.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Oh, the God.
Kostadis Roussos: He's in terror.
David Mendenhall: We're the thunder!
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, Dave, I don't know if this is intentional, but your video's off, so we have, you know, you… Yeah, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Is he currently still prone, or is that condition known?
David Mendenhall: No, no, that's over.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just gonna put…
David Mendenhall: He can, he can act normally on this term.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, he can't, because he's currently convinced.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah, now he's, like, yeah, tripping.
Kostadis Roussos: Matt was tripping. Alright, Soma, you're up.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I guess we're going to do a charge, I don't know. Probably don't need the… this thing anymore, I'll just charge into the silence with Boney. Rarr!
Kostadis Roussos: Just because… hold on, after you cast the spell, you…
Wade Brown: Doesn't it break concentration?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope. Nope.
Wade Brown: It takes magic actions to move around and things like that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but you… but it… it…
Kostadis Roussos: I don't think it needs vocal… you don't have to verbalize where it goes.
Wade Brown: No, I thought silence ate. Alright, well then we'll push it up here.
Kostadis Roussos: No, silence… silence eats your ability to cast a spell, it doesn't prevent you… if you have a spell already cast, it doesn't suddenly become…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Effective.
Gary: anti-magic.
Wade Brown: Alright then, I have Final Fantasy-style silence in mind, then. Then we'll hit this on 23 and 9.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, now it's working. Okay, sorry. So I filled the roll, I was… I just…
Wade Brown: Oh, that's fine, we're happy to get things working.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Switch browser…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, one of them made it, the other one did not. How much damage?
Wade Brown: We're looking at 18, so 9 and 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: 6.
Kostadis Roussos: And dead.
Wade Brown: And then someone did a charge over here, so…
Kostadis Roussos: 15 hit… he's got a 15 hit point, so unless you missed, he's dead.
Wade Brown: Number 1?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Well, let's see, it's, charge…
Wade Brown: And… come on, there's a second roll that goes with this in RAM.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I blew the saving throw.
Wade Brown: What the heck? Does the number… I see DC14 strength save, no…
Kostadis Roussos: So you take 7 points for the bludgeoning.
Wade Brown: Oh, I'm sorry,
Wade Brown: No, he doesn't get rammed, he gets hoved. Ignore the ram. He gets charged, knocks him prone, then he gets hoved. That's the way this works.
Wade Brown: Oh, fuck me. Oh, I've got my blasts.
Kostadis Roussos: No, hold on, hold on. If he's knocked prone, then you have advantage on your attack.
Wade Brown: Hell yeah.
David Mendenhall: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: So you re-rolled the attack rules.
Wade Brown: Well, that's even worse.
Gary: Maybe now you do your blessing.
Wade Brown: 1D4 from the Blast.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you need to get to 13.
Wade Brown: Well, so I have an 11, or sorry, no, I had an 8, and another 8. Ugh, god damn it.
Gary: Yeah.
Wade Brown: 9, and then the Bardex inspiration is how much? Is it an 8?
Kostadis Roussos: V6.
Kostadis Roussos: Dave?
Stephane Bourdeaud: There's 1D8.
David Mendenhall: V8.
Wade Brown: I think that takes me to 12. Yep, I whiff.
Wade Brown: But he's prone!
Kostadis Roussos: He's probably.
Wade Brown: I knocked him, I knocked him on his ass, so, this guy, I can't, I can't…
Wade Brown: Number 1 is prone, or 10, whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what do the orcs do? Alright, so he's currently screaming the god of Lathander. This guy goes, I'm outta here, and disengages and flees.
Gary: The birthday gets an attack of opportunity.
David Mendenhall: Yes, he does.
Kostadis Roussos: Disengages.
David Mendenhall: I'll use disengage.
Gary: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy disengages, this guy disengages, this guy disengages.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy… disengages.
David Mendenhall: Concentrate all firepower on the anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: And this guy disengages.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. The anchorite, I guess, makes a saving throw at the end of his round? Yes?
David Mendenhall: No, he… only if he chooses to take the study action. If he is… you have to decide, like, if he decides he needs to fight the god…
David Mendenhall: like…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm like, I'm trying to figure out what he would do, like…
David Mendenhall: Here, I will read it to you one more time.
David Mendenhall: Failed save, you create a phantasmal object, creature, or other phenomenon, that is perceivable only to the target. The phantasm includes sound, temperature, other stimuli.
David Mendenhall: The target can take a study action to examine the phantasm with an intelligence check.
David Mendenhall: Well affected by the spell, the target treats the phantasm as if it were real, and rationalizes any illogical outcomes from interacting with it.
David Mendenhall: An affected target can even take damage from the illusion if the Phantasm represents a dangerous creature or hazard, and it's 2d8 psychic damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what's your D… what's your, charisma?
Kostadis Roussos: What's your, your dispelled DC?
David Mendenhall: It's Intelligence 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… We're gonna roll with a disadvantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, she's,
Kostadis Roussos: He screams, she's real! The drows, she's real! And then he screams some more about, you know, that, that, where's Talos? Talos, my god! Talos!
Kostadis Roussos: And completely blows it. Alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: He's, screaming, I, I burned the shrine! I broke the handles! I did what you asked! Why is he here? Why is he here?
Kostadis Roussos: Or…
Gary: You will needle before…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so just, you know, there's… oh, this guy, this guy also ran, sorry, I should have, sorry.
David Mendenhall: Alright. Finish her off!
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry Europe.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I'm up, so who's left? Let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, there's all the orcs that have.
David Mendenhall: The anchor… only the anchorite is left.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Whatever. I'll move here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I could slash at the dude, too.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Rolling this…
Stephane Bourdeaud: Really?
Kostadis Roussos: You hit, it actually caused damage.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Really? Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: He had a… he had a 16… At a success.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Did you add the 1D6 for elemental acid damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you attacking with the halberd also gets that damage?
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yeah, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, next attack.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Next attack. Oh, yeah, that's right, I get two.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stephane Bourdeaud: That's more like it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and you kill him.
Kostadis Roussos: And with that.
Stephane Bourdeaud: The 6 to finish it off.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the Falcon says, do we let them… the Falcon, of course, is really pissed off, so he uses his bow to attack two of the fleeing orcs, because he's that kind of douche.
Wade Brown: Such senseless violence.
David Mendenhall: How's that douchey?
Wade Brown: It's unnecessary.
Gary: They're just gonna come back.
David Mendenhall: If you don't kill them, they're just gonna come back.
Wade Brown: There's a well of orcs.
Wade Brown: There are infinite orcs off-screen.
Kostadis Roussos: Prutha… Prutha… Prutha takes her axe and mashes the orc into lots of little pieces.
Wade Brown: Guys, calm down. I'm proud of.
David Mendenhall: proof, though. What? He's come a long way.
Wade Brown: Such senseless violence.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you know, this is… tribal battles are being sorted through, so these guys chase after the orcs. Unless you do something to stop it, Dave, this is your opportunity to choose to do something to stop this.
David Mendenhall: Why would I… why would I stop this?
Wade Brown: that wants to stop it, and all I can do is, you know.
David Mendenhall: No, because…
Wade Brown: around.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm just saying…
David Mendenhall: You know, I'm… yeah, I've had kind of a long day. You know, I casted some spells, they weren't very effective, I kind of… I'm kind of wandering back to the out, I'm like, finally we're done.
David Mendenhall: Like, I don't know, if something else is happening, I'm not even noticing what's going on.
David Mendenhall: I'm, like, walking to this guest house over here. Gonna take a nap.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you're gonna dig a nap.
Stephane Bourdeaud: There's a luxury guest room at the.
David Mendenhall: Don't, don't steal any of that treasure. I'm gonna be napping.
Wade Brown: To steal their life, not their treasure.
David Mendenhall: Remember, we gotta return all that stuff.
Wade Brown: Man.
Wade Brown: You have… dude, you're… you're… You've got such materialism and no respect for the life.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's be…
David Mendenhall: That's what you're for. That's what you're here for, man.
Kostadis Roussos: And he kills him. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And these two guys flee and escape. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the battlefield is over, you've successfully defeated it. Vorga is very pleased, and she shouts… she shouts all sorts of appropriate orc-level, bloodlusty things, and declares that you are all now members of the tribe.
Gary: Possibly.
Gary: shall, return of the Jedi? Similar orcish, orcish, you know, like, chance backer.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Falcon turns to you and says, what did they say?
Gary: They said they like you.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I heard free drinks.
Gary: I say you're now part of the tribe, Falcon.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, huzzah!
Kostadis Roussos: And he…
David Mendenhall: She's okay being part of the tribe, he's okay with that.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, this is what happens when you stand and intervene, and don't just let everything happen to yourself. With you at my… like, he's kind of like.
David Mendenhall: He's gone… he's gone fully the other way.
Wade Brown: That's when you find a stranger in the Alps, got it.
David Mendenhall: He has no, he has no real core convictions.
Gary: So, so now the…
Kostadis Roussos: That is a good… that is a good summary of the Falcon.
Gary: Now the Falcon is part of the orc tribe.
Gary: And he'd like to invite the one tribe to live with him there.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, no, no, let's not get confused.
Kostadis Roussos: This is an honorary orc tribe position, not a, like, an actual orc tribe.
David Mendenhall: We were going to escort them back to their real home.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary: I had some other plans here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: You're gonna convert them. You could take them to the church and see if they'd like to stay there, your church.
Gary: we could do that, but, like, I was gonna suggest that they, stay here with him at the, at the lodge, and become hired hands to, to help.
David Mendenhall: Don't suggest it.
Gary: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: luck.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: a nap.
David Mendenhall: Good luck!
Kostadis Roussos: Nice, for sure.
Gary: Here I go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary: Assuming I can do this…
Kostadis Roussos: Three of the orcs did.
David Mendenhall: Seems, not bad.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so 3 of the orcs decide to hang out with the falcon.
David Mendenhall: Well, but what does the falcon think?
Kostadis Roussos: the Falcon's like, you know, it goes a different way of thinking about it, but yes, I mean, we've fought through blood, we defended my house, of course! You know, he's really excited about it. And then after he does that, he immediately turns into a douchey boss and says, now, the first thing we'll have to do is teach you how to dress properly.
Gary: Now it's not my problem.
David Mendenhall: Keep rolling, keep rolling, Gary!
Kostadis Roussos: So there's, like, this… the three of you will become the finest stewards in the whole… in all… in the whole of the North.
David Mendenhall: Following them stewards, wow, that'll go over well.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, this may or may not end the way you all thought about it, but the important part is that the first part of this adventure is officially now complete, and you can now…
Gary: It created a drama.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary: The important part is that we've created a drama.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God, you've created so much drama.
David Mendenhall: So now we can call Jared and ask him to call… come back?
Kostadis Roussos: If we want, yes?
David Mendenhall: Understood.
Kostadis Roussos: Heh, no problem.
David Mendenhall: We would.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we did. I will, I will tell them. Yes.
Gary: It's interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. We finished the first half of the adventure, and so at this point in time, congratulations, we now go to the second half.
David Mendenhall: Well, but there, there was more. There was, the Woodland Mance.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's a Woodland Mance.
David Mendenhall: The Woodland Mans.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: There was the Shrine of Servos.
Kostadis Roussos: So the woodland… so, just, I mean, you can go to the Woodland Mass, but the woodland mans… the people at the Woodland Mass are the people who just attacked you.
Wade Brown: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: You could go…
David Mendenhall: G.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it should be empty.
David Mendenhall: Should be empty, so we can get our Boots of Elvenkind, then? Our fair, organic, fair trade, conflict-free Boots of elvenkind.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary: Nice.
David Mendenhall: An actual magical item that I might be able to use.
David Mendenhall: Wouldn't that be nice?
Gary: That'd be nice.
David Mendenhall: Oh, we needed to cast True Resurrection on Don John Raskin.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah.
Wade Brown: Oh, that's gonna be expensive.
Kostadis Roussos: Assuming you could find a cleric who will cast it for you.
Gary: Is there a way to, like, create an interesting ritual?
Gary: Ferrmal Thunder.
David Mendenhall: Ritual that does what?
Gary: A true resurrection ritual that, like, we might find some creative way to power it.
Kostadis Roussos: What did you say with it? Sorry?
Gary: Some creative way to power it.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not gonna… like, if you guys come up with.
David Mendenhall: You mean, like, the Red Wizards?
Gary: I just love it.
David Mendenhall: Something like that.
Wade Brown: Oh, boy.
Kostadis Roussos: I've read Wizards of Fae, I mean, sure.
David Mendenhall: Sure, Road Wizards of Lathander.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, and what level are you guys?
Gary: 6?
Wade Brown: I am currently 6.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and so you now also make it to the 7th level.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Man.
Wade Brown: Surprising after that battle.
Gary: That would be a great level for Jared to start at.
David Mendenhall: Would be.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. But we should all send him a message, like, it should be like a group hug kind of thing.
Wade Brown: Elemental Fury…
Gary: Should tell him to kneel before the power of Lathander.
Stephane Bourdeaud: instinct.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Advantage on initiative roles, nice.
David Mendenhall: Birds are weird.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
David Mendenhall: Bards are weird.
Kostadis Roussos: Why do you say that? I mean, Bart's…
David Mendenhall: Getting feet, you get these, like, feet-like…
David Mendenhall: Abilities that are mandated exactly what they are.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, really?
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: I've… I've only had one feat?
David Mendenhall: In 7 levels?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so you get… well, no, so you've got the… you're not… rogues are the ones that get a lot more feats per level than any of the other class.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Most other class, like, fighters only get it once every four lovers. Four levels.
Wade Brown: Poor lovers, no, I like that.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure, why not?
Wade Brown: Fighters go through lovers pretty fast, you know.
David Mendenhall: I can.
David Mendenhall: With swords, or with…
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, that was just awful.
David Mendenhall: through with swords.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, I understood it. It's just awful.
Kostadis Roussos: Very funny.
David Mendenhall: I get 4th level spells now, that's nice.
David Mendenhall: And we'll need to choose some.
David Mendenhall: Greater invisibility is useful.
Gary: That does sound useful.
David Mendenhall: Polymorph is pretty useful.
David Mendenhall: Dimension Door…
Wade Brown: Indoor's always nice, yeah.
Wade Brown: Great wine.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, good.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Okay. So, 7th level, yeah?
Wade Brown: Yeah, been working on it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Well, I'll deal with this later. It's 1040.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: If there's any… if you guys have any questions about any of your abilities, feel free to ask, or send me a Slack, or Discord, or we can just do it next week.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: This was fun. I… this was, I hope that… I hope you enjoyed this.
Gary: Yeah, it's fine.
Stephane Bourdeaud: we…
Gary: So what do you have.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Acting Slasher at a bunch of orcs, so what's… what's not to enjoy?
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly. And, you know, you got your revenge, because they destroyed the wine.
Gary: Yeah.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Oh my god.
Kostadis Roussos: You, you…
Stephane Bourdeaud: Gotta miss that.
David Mendenhall: I wasn't here last week.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so what happened is, Brewberry arrived
Kostadis Roussos: At the thing, went down to where the wine was, and discovered the casks were damaged.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Oh, so now I understand why he's rolling more.
David Mendenhall: mine had been drunk. It had been wasted and spilled into the ground.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Oh my god, I am depressed.
David Mendenhall: travesty.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Stephane Bourdeaud: Shame on that tribe.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, exactly. It was the anchorites, as the tribespeople were trying to explain to you, it was the anchorites. Direct your rage appropriately. Alright, Ben.
Stephane Bourdeaud: I know Talos is the god of chaos, but come on.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Gotta do some limits.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, take care. Take care, guys.
Stephane Bourdeaud: Yep, boxing, bye.
Kostadis Roussos: B.